This will deploy a wordpress website on AWS using terraform and ansible. Website will be HA and fault tolerance. 
Script will be creating two public for ELB, two private for instance and three private subnet for rds cluster in our VPC. Also it will create all security groups and route tables.
It will create one dev WP server in one private zone for developer access. Once dev WP server is configured we will be creating a golden image ami which will be used for launch configuration that deploy instance in our auto scaling group. 


prerequisite:

1. Install Terraform, Ansible and AWS cli on the execution server.
2. Create a ssh key and add key to ssh-agent for ansible to pickup while executing script.
        root@IN-HPJMRC2:~#ssh-agent bash
        root@IN-HPJMRC2:~#ssh-add ~/root/.ssh/keyname
    Check if added key is list.
        root@IN-HPJMRC2:~#ssh-add -l
3. We will require Domain Name. We can register a domain name in Aws or any other domain register portal.
 
Installation:
       
Run below Command step by step to create a HDP cluster along with all required services and resources.
1. "terraform init" command initialize and download all required file please run below command.

        root@IN-HPJMRC2:~# terraform init
2. "terraform plan" command is used to create an execution plan. Terraform performs a refresh, unless explicitly disabled, and then determines what actions are necessary to achieve the desired state specified in the configuration files.
If below command works fine than please go to next step.

        root@IN-HPJMRC2:~# terraform plan
3. "terraform apply" command is used to apply the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration, or the pre-determined set of actions generated by a terraform plan execution plan.

        root@IN-HPJMRC2:~# terraform apply